# Java Garbage Collection Preventer
 <b>TL;DR:</b> Using this code can easily cause the JVM to stop running! Don't use this unless you really know what you are doing!
 <br><br>This class contains methods that are experimental and will often in many cases cause the JVM to freeze and or crash and or cause other unexpected things. 
 <br><br>This is Java code that will disable (or at least prevent) the Garbage Collector in Java from running! It does so by locking an object that the GC needs to be able to perform the GC.
 <br><br>This obviously has some bad side effects. But if you know what you are doing, how much memory you have and what your Java program will need in the future, this might be a useful program for you. <br>Obviously by preventing the GC from running memory will never get released and much [free] memory won't even be able to be used! So make sure you know what you are doing before using this. 
 <br><br>This is probably <b>NOT</b> safe for production code, but can be used to play around with and experiment with. <br>You can for instance use it to prevent the GC from running during critical sections (sections you need to run quickly without any interruptions from the GC) giving you a more exact run time. <br>You should make sure to enable the GC again before too much happens and the JVM stops running! 
 <br><br>This code will probably run on most platforms (Windows, Linux etc.) with OpenJDK and Oracle's JDK versions 8 & 9. However since this program is based on a specific object that the JVM needs to run the GC it might not work on all implementations since they might implement the GC differently or in future version which might change this. This code would probably even run on OpenJDK or Oracle's JDK versions 5-7 if you get rid of the use of Functional Interfaces. 
 <br><br>Using this program can easily cause a JVM to crash - or at least stop running!
 <br><br><b>Note:</b> New objects are allocated to the Eden part of the heap, so even if you set your heap to be 8 gigabytes you can only use the Eden part which is by default considerbly smaller
